### Client profile: ERIKA KOZLOV

Starting as a rare woman trader at a bank, Erika Kozlov (49 years old) decided she could be better without the bosses who tried to put her down.  She became a successful investor in private markets (real estate, venture capital) and made a fortune that belies her humble roots.  So far, she has managed to accumulate USD 37 m. Money motivates her and provides a sense of self-worth, which she has in plenty. 
As she says, “If you've got it, flaunt it!”: A penthouse apartment, Cartier watches, a Bentley convertible, and a Ferrari are the symbols of her success, and she's happy if everyone knows about them. Additionally, spending money is one of the most effective ways to give back to society.  Erika employs a couple of staff, pays her income taxes, and pays plenty of VAT. She has had a string of handsome, eligible boyfriends, but she's too busy doing deals to think of having kids. 

Erika had a mild heart attack last year, but now seems to have a clean bill of health. Nonetheless, it somewhat changed her outlook on life, and she now has a 5-year goal to donate USD 30 million to a healthcare foundation. She also reduced her working hours and would like to retire earlier than she previously thought. Given that she is knowledgeable about investments, she feels like she will be able to secure a large enough income from her portfolio to pay for her exclusive lifestyle (yearly expenses of USD 500,000). Currently, 90% of her portfolio is invested in equities, and in accordance with her motto: nothing ventured, nothing gained. The rest of her assets are split evenly between bonds and cash.

You have been working with Erika over the past two years. Given her health problems and financial goals, you have proposed a sound financial plan. Your concern is that a large downward market fluctuation may have a severe impact on Erika’s financial goals or may cut into her daily living expenses, including possible health expenses. Your knowledge tells you that with a less aggressive portfolio, she will be able to meet her goal to donate money and still maintain her lifestyle. However, you are worried that Erika may not fully buy into the idea. She told you that she sees herself as a very good and successful investor. Indeed, her track record in private investments speaks for itself. “It’s all about picking the right company and investing a large chunk of money into it,” she says. She is very good with people, and this certainly gave her an edge in her career. She has always considered herself more gifted and savvy than her competitors and believes that publicly traded equities will provide an even more rewarding playing field for her, given that information in these markets is readily available. She says that all this information will give her an even bigger edge on other market participants because she knows how to use it. As she recalls big trades she made during her career, she talks passionately about seeing her bank account grow and impressing her friends and parents with newly bought jewelry. Investing is more than a career for Erika; it’s a fun game, and she plays it well.

In fact, she has come prepared to your last meeting and discussed with you her bullish view on the energy sector and gas companies in particular. You tried your best to mention the political instability that seems to be on the rise in major regions where gas is extracted, but she quickly wiped out your concerns by showing you several headlines and expert forecasts corroborating her views. Since you take your job as a financial advisor to heart, you are worried that the traits of Erika’s character that have helped her in her career might be detrimental to her wealth planning. You know that every investor is affected by cognitive biases and emotions, which must be put in check to reach sound financial decisions. You have tried to raise this issue with Erika, and she agrees: many investors let their emotions and cognitive biases drive their investment decisions. But what does it have to do with her?

What are your client's investment goals?
1. A 5-year goal to donate $30 million to a health care foundation for her philanthropic commitment. According to her health condition (mild heart attack), this requires a plan to balance and maintain her lifestyle. Her investment portfolio needs to earn a sufficient income for her health issues and concerns.

2. An exclusive lifestyle with a $500,000 annual income and early retirement. Her investment portfolio needs to earn a sufficient income for the donation target.

Does your client have any incoming expense (in less than one-year time)?
No, Erika doesn't have incoming expenses in a less than 1-year timeframe except a her lifestyle expense of $500,000 yearly and the possibility of health issues that may occur.

What are your client's reasons for investing?
1. She loves the investing game, she feels confident in her skills for equity allocation for 90% while she's looking for the excitement and high confidence in the investment she has participated in with a large amount. 

2. To fund her exclusive lifestyle by maintaining income for high annual spending of at least $500,000 and early retirement.

3. Achieve $30 million philanthropic goal in 5 years for the healthcare foundation.
